Good morning, family. Praise the Lord!
It's Brandon and Diana again. We
have some things on our heart today,
folks. We're in the last of the last days
here. Jesus is coming, things are getting
serious, and people
say,
'Brandon, that kind of scares
me.'You
should be scared if you don't know Jesus.
You should be flat terrified if you
don't have Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal savior. It should just plum
freak you out if you don't have Jesus as
your Lord and personal savior
because you are in trouble. This is the
time right now, as we speak, to yield
yourself and say, 'Jesus, I need a
savior.'You
have the opportunity today to make
Jesus Christ your Lord and personal
savior; to say today, 'I choose to follow Jesus.'No
one is
promised tomorrow. Have
you driven by a massive graveyard and
seen
all those people? I
always wonder how many of those
people went to
hell and how many went to
heaven. Everybody has a choice, but
everybody thinks they have a
long time
to make a choice, and some of you only
have today. Some of you will not make it
out of your sleep tonight; some of you
won't make it out of your week. You are
not promised tomorrow; you're only
promised right now. I believe with
all my heart that God is going to give
us long life, and He said He'd satisfy us
and show us His salvation. I believe for
120 years. You believe for all this stuff,
but sometimes things happen. I'm just
trying to make you
think about eternity today. Think about
eternity. If you look at all the
stars in space, if you look at all the
grains of sand on the beach, and every
single one of those little pieces
of grain of sand represent a
year—you
can count all the sand on a beach, you
can count all the stars in the galaxies
and the
universe, and you
still will be counting and counting.
Eternity
is forever, and so that's what I'm trying
to tell you all. If you really look at
how big eternity is, your mind can't
comprehend it. You can never count all
the sand on a beach or the stars in
the sky. Even if you
did,
eternity is far greater than
that. So I want you to focus on your
eternity. Where will you spend eternity?
You don't turn into some kind of
nothingness. We don't
have reincarnation and come back as a
butterfly or a dog or a cat. No, the Bible
says it's appointed unto man once to die,
and after that the judgment. To be absent
from the body is to be present with the
Lord or to be present in hell, folks.
Where will you go and spend eternity?
That's what you have to ask yourself as
you watch this today. Yes, all this stuff
is
going on, and I'm telling you
tragic things I've
seen—very
sobering, dark days ahead. Most people
say, 'Well, that's not for me.'A lot of
people in the Christian community do not
want to hear it because they think we're going to
pray it all away.
Folks, things happen, and I want to tell
you COVID wasn't prayed away like you all
thought it would be. I saw a storm coming
and the Lord told me this was a storm to
wake up everybody. Did He
create the storm? Did He create COVID? No.
But the Lord told me,
'I've yelled and
yelled to tell my
bride to wake up, to tell my body to wake
up.'He
said, 'Brandon, what happens to a
child if you keep telling them to get up?
What's the next
thing you do?'He said, 'You shake
them.'A
great
shaking to awaken is about to take place.
And He told me this: 'If the
church does not wake up after this
shaking, there will be
another shaking. A greater wave, a greater
shaking
is coming for the
church.'We
saw a lot of people wake up
during this
timeframe,
but there
are
still billions that
are asleep, that do not see how
close we are to the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ. They rouse themselves and then
just fall back asleep.
They look up and go,
'Oh, okay,'and they go back to sleep.
That's what happened. So now I really
believe,
whenever Jonathan
Cahn
talked about the
lightning strikes, I thought that was
amazing. I encourage you to go watch that
video, Jonathan Cahn's lightning
strike.
He talked about
how
lightning struck the
One World Trade Center, the Empire State
Building, the Capitol, and the Washington
Monument, and he said this was not
coincidence. It all happened before the
new year
of
2025. It's a sign. I thought
it was interesting it was four again. The
Lord
told
me, 'I'm giving you a four-year
window for a massive harvest. I'm giving
you a
reprieve from what was coming, a major
reprieve from a great acceleration of
the Antichrist agenda upon this
earth.'I
told you we were at
the end of the last Shemitah cycle
timeframe
of this last Rosh
Hashanah.
And He
told me, 'Adam's lease is
up.'But
He's
giving us a sliver of time
to bring in the
harvest. Satan is petitioning for
the seven-year
Tribulation, saying time is up.
That's where we are, folks, and God's
giving
us this little window. I
believe through Trump's presidency of
these
four years, the four lightning
strikes, the four oak trees I've told you
about—the
Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm
kicking this down the road. I'm giving
you a window. I want a
harvest.'Jesus
held out His hands
with
those massive holes
and
said, 'I am the Lord of the
harvest. Will you help me? For I died for
every single one of
them.'He
wants every single one of
you to have the opportunity to
choose heaven today.
You're here because you
want to know about terrorist attacks; I'm
telling you something much worse is
coming than you could ever imagine:
it's called hell. You
have the opportunity today to choose
heaven.
God
didn't
create hell for human beings;
He created it for the devil and
his demons.
He
created heaven for you,
but it's a
choice. Whom will you serve this day?
As
for me and my house, we're serving the
Lord.
Jesus Christ is the only
way to heaven.
Not Buddha, not Muhammad,
not any kind of
false god.
I got an email from
a
guy
saying
there's a lot of ways to heaven.
No, sir,
you are deceived by a demonic
spirit.
The only way
is the Lord
Jesus Christ.
We
believe on this channel
that He's coming
soon.
I had a guy email saying he
wants
to
party in
his
20s and
give
his
heart
to
Jesus
in
ten
years.
Is that a
serious
question?
God's not good enough for
you
right
now?
That's the attitude of a lot of
people, and I say, 'Woe to
you,'because
there will be a day you stand
before the Father
and
give an account
for everything you've done.
He will either know you or say,
'Depart from me, I never
knew
you.'It's
a bad eternity for you.
I've seen a great economic crisis beyond
comprehension. The Lord said it
was delayed for a
window.
There's
a
word
for
my body, for the people
who are on fire and filled with
the Holy Spirit, to have their lamps
full of oil. And for the ones living
lukewarm,
there's
a separate word:
there will be a great
shaking to awaken again for them. He's a
God of mercy,
giving one last
chance to get on the
boat.
The ark is about to
be sealed shut.
You're running out of time.
Checking
your
heart:
who
is your Lord?
We have
a window here.
In
2025, a great shaking is
coming. I've heard some people say it
would be a year of war, and
that's exactly what I heard:
war, war, war. And we will see
great financial provision.
What makes you stand out and show that
God is a good God
if you're broke, busted, and disgusted,
sick, and always depressed?
The world is attracted to
life. That's why they fake it so much
in Hollywood with Botox
and fillers
and
face lifts;
they're trying
to cover up who they truly
are.
But when you have a
light
on your face and a song in your heart,
people see it.
They
feel the presence of the Holy Spirit on
you.
Material things are
never going to fill
that
empty void
in
your
heart.
You
yield yourself to the Prince of Peace.
He's the one
who's
going to renew your mind from all
the hell you've
let in. Garbage in, garbage out; peace in,
peace out. Think on
things
that
are pure
and
holy.
People continue to
do the same thing expecting different
results; that is the
definition of insanity. You think
you're
going to fill this hole with
money and
perversion?
You're still going
to be empty tomorrow.
You get wasted at bars and
then
vomit your
guts out.
The
only one that's ever going to satisfy
is the Lord Jesus
Christ. I am addicted
to Jesus. I am sold out.
He's changed
me from the inside out.
I have found the
source! He
is
life,
joy, and peace.
As
you seek His face,
He said, 'Give, and it shall be given unto
you.'The
wealth of
the sinner is laid up for the
righteous.
Seek
first the
kingdom.
He said,
'Brandon, I'll let you
have as much overflow as long as it
doesn't have
you.'I
will make
you a distribution center if you
just yield to
me.
All I need is peace
and
joy.
A vessel leaks, and you've got to
keep being filled with
the Holy Spirit.
You've
got to fill it up
with
the water of the Word,
having fellowship with Him.
I know
there's a lot of you desperate
for change in 2025.
You have to raise your praise
level.
When praises go up, blessings come
down.
Keep
it
vertical with the Lord.
If you're not
in sync with Him on what to
do with your money, you'll lose it in
a 24-hour period.
Are you
all in for Jesus today?
Perfect love casts out all fear.
God is
our protector.
We were listening to Pastor Chip
tonight about
Maria Woodworth-Etter in
the 1930s during the Great Depression.
They had no food, but they set their
plates
and
prayed
by faith,
and
somebody would
knock on their
door
supernaturally. We will live in the
supernatural in the days ahead. I saw
a window of
opportunity to
get your
house in order.
People are going to
flee
from the East Coast and West
Coast to the central part of
America for a major revival.
I saw
Woodstock
taking place all over the
nation.
It's a time to get your
heart right.
I want to give everyone an
opportunity to accept Jesus.
We're going to
say the sinner's prayer.
Romans
10:9-10
says if you confess
with your mouth
and believe in your heart,
you
will be saved.
Say, 'Jesus, I want to make you
my Lord and personal savior. I believe
You died
and rose again. Forgive
me of
my
sins.
Today I'm turning my back on
the world and looking to You.
Thank You for
washing
my sins
away.'If
you
said that,
you're born again.
Find a
Bible-believing
church, get
water baptized,
and tell people.
It will help
you get strong
to stand against the
devil.
It's time to
put
on your armor.
Feed your faith on the Word.
Now
we're going to pray for
President Trump,
the inauguration,
and
the fires in California.
We
take communion.
Lord,
we thank
You
that
by
Your stripes we
are healed.
We plead the blood of Jesus
over our finances,
jobs, and homes.
We
lift up President Trump
and
bind the demonic attack
concerning
this trial. We say,
'Satan, get your hands
off.'No
weapon formed
against him
shall
prosper. We pray the angels protect him
and
his
family.
We
call
for
a
holy
conviction
over
these
prosecutors.
We pray over
the
fires in California
and
say, 'Fires, stop now.'We call
the angels
to put them out.
We
pray
for
protection
against
any
kind
of
attacks
on
this
nation.
Let
everything hidden be
revealed.
We call
for
revival
over this beautiful nation,
Asia, the
Middle East, and Russia.
We
thank You
for the
financial outpouring
to support
the gospel.
Diana, pray over the
babies.
Father, we
speak to these women's wombs.
We
thank
You
that
everything is functioning as it should.
We
call
for
healthy
pregnancies
and
easy
deliveries.
These
babies
will
come forth
healed
and
whole,
with no
neurological difficulties.
We pray
they have perfect Apgar scores.
We
pray
for
godly
homes
and
strong
marriages.
We
pray
against
SAD, Seasonal
Affective
Disorder.
We
have
the
mind of Christ.
We
rebuke
autoimmune
and thyroid disorders.
Today, something good is happening for me!
We
thank You for the blood of Jesus. Lord,
we give You praise.
Amen.
If
you're new here, please subscribe.
It helps
the algorithm
spread
the gospel.
It's all about
getting
Jesus spread throughout the whole world.
Our new Spanish channel,
Last Days
Español,
is
going. We have channels in Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese, and Russian. We're
spreading the
word
because we're running out of time.
Thank
you for supporting us.
Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you.
God bless you.